what's up y'all mark global inner Tiger
fitness com from Patrick dear machine
i'll be using oxyelite pro for a few
years now on and off to the am one in
the afternoon at one point I was working
out six days a week and went from 322
187 on the undercover cop tick-tock no
no that's that's great congratulations
on that it's a lot of weight since I
started a career I belong to go to the
gym once or twice a week and I'm back up
to 25 I'm trying to get under that
number by a plateaued right there bear I
am thinking about trying drop factor to
confuse my body give it a change and
help me over that Plateau I've read the
reviews some people say they went right
back talk to leave and we're satisfied
can you use any of the concerns before
purchase drop factor I haven't really
heard many negative reviews people who
use it right here's the thing feel
different energy stimulant get a
pre-workout strong factor has
ingredients that caused help you burn
fat they help you keep burning fat as
time goes on and that's why it works you
know it's not proprietary blend it gets
a job done a hawk Sealy tell the fat
burner there's a reason why it's the
best selling fabric that works well for
you by all means use oxyelite pro as
long as you buy from Tiger fitness com I
give two drops a monkey urine you know
that's the bottom line i mean is as long
as you support us to tie your fitness
com I don't mind obvious that formulated
drop factor because I believe in my
heart of hearts it's the best fat burner
out there utilizing the best ingredients
but if you prefer another fat burner by
all means man i'm not going to have
machi and tell you to buy mine but at
the end of the day I think you'll get it
the wrong way you're you're looking at a
band-aid you don't need a band-aid bro
you need a fucking cast all right check
it out you win six days a week or
working out you up from 322 187 right
and then you stopped because you got a
career you need to make this lifestyle
work with your career you're telling me
you can't find one hour in your 24-hour
day six hours a week max five to six
hours to train to get it done this
bullshit go before work go after work I
don't want to hear that you know I
travel 300 days a year I still got it
done
I have two kids one on the way I still
get it done I work a lot look at my book
my bio there's a lot of shit going on in
my life you just gotta make time you got
a bunch of time just like it look if
there is a hot piece of ass on your
beverage you say no I can't do this
think about the gym as a hot piece of
ass all right you got to get to that gym
you gotta hit it gotta hit it hard count
it count it count it that's what you
gotta do you've got to get to that gym
there's no fat burner in the world
that's not gonna replace gonna replace
diet and training first off I do
recommend reading my book fat loss
factor book calm it's in the description
if you would like to link up directly to
it before even thinking about buying a
fat burner if you do buy a fat burner be
sure to train and die whether there's no
magic pill or else I won't be friggin
going to the gym busting my ass every
day get my ass kicked by rich Gaspari
you know I'd be sitting on my ass
masturbating just thinking about the
next meal I have and just forgetting
about just taking that magic pill there
is no magic pill what drop factor will
do is help you with your diet and
training that's all I gotta say about
that and sorry for the sexual metaphors
mark love honor tiger fitness com peace
out